Combat operations continue at this time
in full force and they will continue
until all of our objectives are
achieved.
>> Marcus digesting the escalating conflict
in the Middle East as President Trump
says the military campaign against Iran
will continue. You're watching the China
show. I'm Yvon Man with David and Glass.
>> We are counting down to the open markets
in greater China. Our top stories, oil
is surging the most in four years with
the effective closure of the straight of
horm rattling crude markets, Asian
stocks falling while gold and the dollar
are gaining as investors flee to haven.
>> The US suffers its first war casualties
as Iran widens its retaliation with
lethal strikes on Israel and other US
allies in the region.
>> Now, China condemning the strikes on
Iran and calling for a ceasefire. The
conflict could inflame tensions between
Beijing and Washington ahead of the
planned Trump Xi summit.
>> And aerospace closures cause travel
chaos, trapping travelers in key hubs,
including Dubai, as the war spreads.
We continue to brace for more impact
when it comes to these markets after
what we saw uh with Iran over the
weekend. We're just seeing across our
terminal screens here uh an interview
that President Trump has had with the
New York Times. And he is talking that
uh when it comes to what the future of
this regime is going to look like after
of course the killing of Ayatoya Ham. So
he says he has three very good choices
on the next Iran leader. Uh also uh
they've been talking about you know they
won't be difficult to maintain the
battle intensity. We've been talking
about you know how long this sort of
widening conflict could last. I think
Trump has put it at maybe four weeks or
so. But when it comes to the market
impact that certainly has been quite
telling what we saw when oil markets
opened uh just two hours ago does seem
like you know the nightmare scenario
really came true this weekend. Yeah, you
know, we were talking about how five six
dollars baked in to the extent that we
could extrapolate the worst case
scenario in geopolitics and certainly
we've been proven wrong as far as that
thesis was uh was concerned. So, we're
adding a further, let's call it six more
dollars to that. And I think when you do
look at market reaction to Ivon's point,
if you're curious just joining us right
now, where did oil open this morning? We
opened at 82. We closed at sub73 on
Friday and since that open earlier on,
we've given up some gains although we
are looking at about 7% gains right now
when you look at the oil price. In fact,
let's get straight to the market action
right now and where we are. Brent
futures on your screens. Front ed bid uh
6% that goes down incrementally
as you go out the futures curve. Other
commodities are also reflecting this
price move up as well. West Texas coming
up on your screens. Gas gasoline futures
as well are bid substantially. And just
a note here on volumes when you look at
West Texas where you had a circuit
breaker by the way triggered about
1,100%
heavier for this time of the day as far
as the averages are concerned. Right. If
you're curious about gold, gold, here
you come. Gold, silver, other precious
metals as well coming up on your
screens. But here you have gold futures
curve up about 1 to 2% going further
into the futures curve there. Equity
markets, US futures, European futures,
you have the nicke, you have Taiwan
coming online. All showing declines.
Here's the market reaction, right? We
are we are seeing it where we are
expecting to see the knee-jerk reaction
across these markets. It's not broad
contagion panic selling. That's
important to note as well. When you look
at the equity market specifically, a
granular look at equity markets, energy,
materials, consumer discretionary, and
IT, where are we seeing the pain points
here very quickly, ethics markets, yen
is bid, yen was bid, uh, that's been
hovering. There we go. We're now
slightly weaker from the cod 310 to 1%,
but as you can see, Aussie dollar and
the euro are still on offer. And it
takes us into the China open today. A50
futures and Shanghai crude very much in
focus given of course the big move up in
oil and big move up in Shanghai crude on
your screens up about 4%. Yeah, it's
interesting. Barclay's had a kind of
warning for investors that now may not
be the time to really buy on this dip,
right? Typically, when it comes to
geopolitics, things are swift and fast
going that it is, you know, these things
kind of fade fast, the initial moves,
but this time might be a bit different
just given what we've been seeing when
it comes to the supply, uh, what tankers
are doing around the straight of Hormuse
here right now. This episode, Barkclay
says, could actually last longer for
now. Um certainly markets were fragile
leading up to this as well given all the
wobbles we've seen around trade policy
in the US. Yeah. The AI disruptions,
private credit. So certainly is this
sort of the catalyst to derisk further.
Uh let's bring in the latest now and and
bring in our UAE bureau chief, deputy
bureau chief Air Abu Omar. She joins us
now. Air, thank you so much for joining
us. Just bring us up to speed on what
the latest is now.
>> Hi, good morning. So look, I mean the
parameters of the war are widening by
the minute. We just saw that Israel had
hit Lebanon, which has so far been
unscathed from the the Iran retaliation
that has hit big parts of the Arab Gulf,
including the United Arab Emirates,
Saudi Arabia. But this comes after
Hezbollah uh that is one of Iran's
proxies in the region hit targets in
Israel in retaliation for the killing of
Ayat,
which was confirmed earlier this
morning. You have the GCC nations as
well coming up with a joint statement
calling Iran's actions in the region
reckless uh and condemning them
essentially. But the region has so far
prioritized or called for a
prioritization of a return to diplomacy.
But I bring back this interview from
earlier on um Sunday with a UAE top
official saying that answering a
question really when asked about whether
the UAE would allow the use of uh US
military bases to hit Iran. What the
official said is the UAE is prioritizing
diplomacy. It is calling for Iran to
come back to its senses. But if it were
to come to uh that then it will come to
that. And I quote her uh here. But
again, the UAE wants uh dialogue to
continue. And then we've seen President
Donald Trump saying that the attacks
against Iran are going to go on. The US
has hit over a thousand targets in Iran
so far. Uh a loss of some US uh
personnel in Kuwait happened earlier as
well. Three uh people killed, but that
is not President Donald Trump doesn't
seem deterred by that.
>> Yeah, be just hold the thought. Uh just
more updates coming through here out of
this New York Times article, New York
Times uh interview with the US
president. Uh Ivon was just mentioning
here of course that Trump was mentioning
he had three very good choices on the
next uh leader uh of Iran. Now in terms
of the sanctions, Trump is open to
dropping the sanctions if that new
leader is pragmatic. He doesn't think
Arab states needed uh are needed in an
attack. And that's not phrased quite
clearly. Uh Air let me bring you back
in. So what do we know specifically and
oil markets are obviously reacting to
this quite substantially. What do we
know about the straight of or moves
exactly what's taking place there?
>> So what we know is that earlier reports
suggested that it was practically closed
but Iran's foreign minister Abasari came
out and said that there's no intention
on Iran's side to close down the state
of Hermuz earlier and remember the I
mean Iran's export 3% of of oil exports
and that is Iran's production goes
through the straight of Hermoose. So
that adds to the economic pain that Iran
is already going through. They wouldn't
want to do that in a worst case scenario
if the state of Hermuz were actually
shut. That would uh bring oil prices to
probably over $100 a barrel. That is
according to our Bloomberg economics own
estimates and that would not have
favorable uh consequences for the entire
region including Iran itself. and
certainly not fall into favor with what
President uh Trump wants, especially
with the midterms uh coming up. So, but
as of now, the state the straight of
Hermuz is not officially shut. We know
that some ships have uh deterred
movement from there, but Iran is not
planning on uh shutting it down as of
now.
>> Air Abu Omar there, Omar, our deputy UAE
bureau chief joining us uh with all the
latest here. Fast and quick developing
story. Our next guest led the US
negotiating team, in fact, that secured
the 2015 Iran nuclear deal. Former US
Deputy Secretary of State Wendy Sherman
joining us now from Washington. Uh she's
currently the senior fellow at the
Harvard Kennedy School, uh Belelfford
Center for Science and International
Affairs. Wendy, good morning from the
Asia Pacific. Um not much of a weekend
really. Uh simple question for you. What
now?
>> Well, I think no one knows what now. Uh
we've heard from President Trump various
things. Uh he said to uh the Atlantic
reporter Michael Shear that he was ready
to talk and he thought that the Iranians
wanted to talk. Then he said to another
reporter that in fact this was going to
go on for some time. Uh that we were
hitting Iran in ways that never could be
seen. Um we've got a lot of different
signals being sent. I think the most
realistic one is that the president's
going to hang in here uh to try to
degrade uh Iran and its regime. But as
you probably know well, Iran has many
layers. It has succession plans. It will
have a new leader. It will not splinter
easily. Uh Iran's regime is quite
institutionalized. The Islamic
Revolutionary Guard Corps is quite
fierce. And yes, there will be
tremendous harm. But let's remember the
Iran Iraq war went on for 8 years. Uh so
Iran does not give up easily. It in fact
has an entire culture of resistance.
It's very fundamental uh to the regime.
I think you all have been talking this
morning about oil prices which are going
up. The president, yes, is facing
midterms, but he's also facing a visit
to China, which is very, very important
to him. He held up an arm sale to Taiwan
to have good
tone for a visit to Beijing, but a high
price of oil, a close down of the
straight of Hormuz where China gets its
oil is not going to be a good signal for
a good meeting in Beijing.
>> Yeah. Where does this lead the regime in
some ways? I think most military experts
out there say it's not quite regime
change and it'd be quite difficult to do
so through just an air campaign. Can you
tell us what's really left here? Who who
could really essentially rule Iran?
Well, I think that right now they've
consolidated and have a tripartite group
that is supposed to hold on to things
until the next Supreme Leader is named.
Uh people are trying to see how fast
that can happen. Uh they've already
replaced all of the people who have been
killed. Uh which has been quite
effective. I think it's important for
viewers to know that Reuters Ipsos just
did a poll over the weekend and only 27%
of American voters uh support uh what's
happening uh to Iran. It's not that
anyone thinks this is a great regime.
Quite the opposite. We all know that it
is odious, repressive, uh the largest
state sponsor of terrorism, uh totally
oppressive to its people. We saw
thousands of protesters killed by this
regime. So, it's not about being in
support of the regime. Of course, we
would like to see change, but people
don't understand what the imminent
threat was to the United States of
America and why the president had to
choose to go to war as opposed to have a
really serious negotiation, which now
appears to just have been a sham while
the president along with Israel and
others planned these attacks.
Yeah, Wendy, I'm glad you went there
because I was actually going to ask, you
know, 48 hours before things really
kicked off on the weekend, we were
talking about those nuclear talks and
now we're getting more headlines coming
through that that is a plausible option
in terms of an offramp. Just talk to us
about that possibility that is there a
path back to the negotiating table here
from from you know from current levels.
>> Uh probably from President Trump's point
of view there is an off-ramp. don't
think he wants endless military action.
He in fact got elected uh on a promise
of not having more wars, particularly
more wars in the Middle East. Uh but
that said, Iran has now been burned
twice. Uh in June, uh we were into
negotiations. The United States was
negotiating with Iran. Uh and uh 3 days
after those negotiations began uh we had
attacks by Israel and the United States
uh against military uh nuclear targets
in Iran. This time uh Iran thought it
was in serious negotiations. Uh but
obviously we've now seen through reports
that the president was yes having Whit
and Kushner meet with the Iranians, meet
with the Omanis, meet with Raphael
Grossi of the International Atomic
Energy Agency who would monitor and
verify any agreement, but at the same
time was planning with Israel this
attack on Iran. And when he didn't get a
quick
uh result from the negotiations uh which
you can't do as a driveby in my view uh
he went with the military option which
clearly Israel and we understand Saudi
Arabia very much wanted him to do
>> what he we we've seen the second term of
Trump is he he has become much more
interventionist
uh it is about you know this era of of
nation building it seems seems like
we're returning to and which is you know
increasingly breaking away from his
campaign promises to keep the US out of
foreign wars and and this just comes
just two months after the US military
raid in Venezuela. Why do you think we
we've seen the second term from Trump be
much more interventionist in some ways
and and and really how big of a gamble
is this for the US?
>> I think it's a huge gamble for the US um
and a gamble for our budget. uh this
attack set of attacks in the Middle East
are going to cost billions and billions
of dollars and of course uh human
casualties as well as we've just seen
three Americans have have died already.
Uh but I think that the president hasn't
been able to deal with the affordability
crisis in the United States. Hasn't been
able to deal with the Epstein uh crisis
in the United States. We have a partial
shutdown right now in the United States
of our Department of Homeland Security.
And I think he has found that he can
exert uh and project power by doing
these international things and not
having to address the very real domestic
issues that are very much on the minds
of American voters. Uh this is a big
risk he's taken in the Middle East as we
approach midterms as he tries to go to
China to uh create what he thinks will
be a partnership with uh President Xi.
Uh I don't think it will end up that
way, but that's what he's hoping for. I
think the president sees himself as a
very powerful leader and he wants to uh
anoint himself with other powerful
leaders. In all of this, people are no
longer talking about Ukraine in the way
we need to to stop Russia's horrific uh
uh horrific intervention into a a war
that has no basis in fact or legality.
Um, so lots of things have gone by the
wayside that the president can solve and
he's trying to project power and the
ability to get things done and to say
that the US is more powerful than any
country on the face of the earth and we
are quite powerful but hubris can get in
the way and we've never done a very good
job at regime change.
Wendy, one one last point on you
mentioned China and I think one way that
this really comes together as far as
China's concerned is the straight of
Ormuz where a lot of the flows of course
and of Iranian crude passes through not
to mention of course the rest of the
world. I asked this question when the
Venezuela incident happened early this
year and I wonder whether
should we look at this in some way as an
as the US grabbing
uh or trying to seize control of the
straight of Ormuz is that is that or am
I over am I overthinking that?
>> Well, probably as of today you may be
overthinking it but I don't think it's
out of the realm of possibility. Uh the
president began the Venezuela advent
adventure by saying he was stopping
boats from sending uh drugs to the
United States. Uh but at the end of the
day, his pride and joy is gaining
control of the oil in Venezuela and
bringing a lot of that profit to the
United States. So I don't think you're
entirely crazy. I hope that's not what
is going on here, but you may not be far
a field.
Wendy, appreciate the time. Thank you so
much for joining us. That was the
Harvard Kennedy School Beth Center
senior fellow and former US Deputy
Secretary of State Wendy Sherman. There
we have more analysis on the Iran
conflict coming up. We're going to speak
with the director for Iranian studies at
Stanford University. Energy markets and
focus here with Xan analysis and FGE Nex
ECA. And we'll get a view from Beijing
as well with the Center for China and
Globalization. This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show and updates of the energy markets
given of course developing stories um a
multitude of course all coalesing into
the Middle East kicking off uh oil.
That's right. So we we closed at 73, we
opened at about 82 and we're splitting a
difference right now. We're still higher
by about 6%. As far as oil is concerned
now earlier reporting and we talk about
of course this this pain point as far as
the straight of our moods is concerned
and just the amount of oil that goes
through that whether that's an official
closure or an effective closure or just
disruptive given of course the military
uh events taking place there that's
going to have an effect in as far as
perception of oil flows are concerned.
Right now, of course, markets are
reacting first and they're asking
questions later. Right now, as it
pertains to what where does the oil
premium, where does that need to sit on
top of sort of supply and demand uh and
that net value? And of course, that's in
pink. And you know, going into this
weekend, we were at $56 based on the
estimates coming through out of
Bloomberg economics. And that is now
going up with the price we're seeing on
our screens, right? And just to
understand really perhaps of where that
price goes. Ivonne, you know, a lot of
analysts have come out and said where
the premium actually needs to be given
the developments we've seen there.
>> And it's interesting you make a point
when we made this discussion during the
Venezuela military raid. There was a lot
of analysts out there saying, "Look,
production of Venezuela is basically a
fra it's just a drop in the bucket. When
it comes to Iran, there's much more at
stake because you're talking about the
fourth largest OPEC plus producer.
You're talking about 3.3 million barrels
a day uh that this nation does produce.
certainly and that's despite
international sanctions, right? So, uh
there's one thing to watch here also 90%
of that does go to China. You take a
look what analysts are saying here this
morning on what the street thinks things
could be that oil premium Goldman says
could be around $18 uh there. So,
something that to attach to. I think
consensus seems to be around $20 uh is
the risk premium to put on these oil
markets in the near term. City also
bumping up their Brent uh prices there
to $80 to $9 this week. There are
assumptions that we might see some sort
of regime change here uh effectively
enough uh that this could maybe last for
one to two weeks according to analysts
out there as well. But they're talking
about you know the supply disruption
certainly is one thing. The risk to
energy infrastructure is also uh one
thing as well. The disruptions on the
straight of Hormuz. You talked the
recent one Woodmach says look if we
continue to see uh the the this the halt
of of production of vessels and the like
uh through the straight of Hormuz we
could talk about triple digits $100 oil
that could be back in the fray here. Um
but then again as we've talked about
Iran has not officially closed the
strait of hormuz but it is in some ways
a very self-inflicted sort of halt that
we're seeing among tankers among oil
companies here already. Uh there there
you go BI has been kind of crunching the
numbers as well right they're laying out
different scenarios for oil. So 60 to 70
of course if tensions do cool in the
near term $80 is where we're testing if
we continue to see that continued risk
premia and yes $100 oil could be
happening here if golf production and
the proposed transit is impaired. David
yeah it's 108 I think is the latest
estimates uh to to Ivon's point there
what the worst case could be. Um it will
depend of course in terms of the
duration how long will we be in this in
this situation for more on the story.
Nicholas Lua is with us our oil reporter
in Singapore for us. Nicholas we just
outlined how bad the situation is. What
are you hearing from your context?
>> So first thing this morning I think it's
important to look at what's going on in
LG as well. At least 13 LG tankers that
were slated to head west into the
Persian Gulf didn't cross Hormus. didn't
cross into that critical choke point
because of the escalating tensions. In
fact, yesterday Iran itself had already
said that um it had struck three tankers
on state-run media and these tankers are
burning. It already said so I would take
um their foreign minister's comment that
the streets of hormones are open with a
lot of salt.
>> Yeah. Yeah, and Nicholas, it's
interesting with this self sort of
impaired sort of halt and closure. I
mean, analysts are out there really
mapping out all different scenarios.
Everything from $60 oil of tension
cooled to all the way to 100. What else
should we be paying attention to on the
horizon here in terms of pressure points
for oil markets?
>> So, I think just a short while ago, um,
Trump uh interview with the New York
Times pointed out that he's seeing a
conflict that could go on to four to
five weeks. And I think that's exactly
the kind of scenario that would be the
oil market's worst nightmare. 20% of the
world's oil flows go through hormone,
right? So a prolonged conflict could see
Iran s of attacking tankers uh
disrupting supply and that's going to
really squeeze the global market. Right?
One more thing to say is that um we've
talked a lot about um global oil and
water and how this was supposed to be
the year of over supply. It's important
to note now that it's becoming very
clear a lot of these oil flows are
actually dark flows. So flows that have
been sanctioned and which the uh average
kosher refiner wouldn't be keen wouldn't
be able to pick up.
>> And so the kosher market meanwhile is
much tighter. And I think that's why
some of that support isn't just purely
sentiment driven. It's also tied to
available supply limitations.
>> Yeah. And also OPEC plus raising
production didn't do too much in terms
of the oil price uh either. Nicholas,
thank you for bringing out just not just
the oil impact but also LG markets and
what they're going through right now
too. Oil reporter
>> Nicholas Lua in Singapore. Your
pre-market is looking like this here
right now. As expected, we are seeing a
downdrift when it comes to equities.
Hang Sang is down more than 1%. HS
Techch is on offer here today and the
currency rem is slightly on the weaker
side right now.
>> Right, Shanghai cruts coming up bottom
of your screens. Major energy names on
your screens coming up shortly ahead of
the open. Massive pop across this
specific group of stocks. The opening
bell is coming up next. This is the
China show.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. We're counting down to the open of
markets in greater China. As you can
also see on the left side of your
screens, these are live pictures out of
Tel Aviv as the region is waking up. Um,
what weekend really and we're trying to
unpack, we're still try, we're still
unpacking, of course, everything that's
going on. We're still looking at the
latest developments and we have had a
few major headlines crossing the
terminals over the last couple of
minutes or so. We'll get to all of that
in a moment. As it pertains to the
market story, oil is obviously on the
way up. Gold is also on the way up.
Equities are down, but not as much as
you would think. So I guess in some ways
ring fence not so much panic selling but
selling nonetheless I Yeah, it's
interesting to note that the the nuance
there around sentiment, right? It is
very much focused on the energy space um
more than really spilling over to other
asset classes, you know, where you are
seeing relatively speaking a little bit
more sanguin when it comes to the equity
space. So, your onore markets are
looking like this here. Right now, we're
slightly to the downside for the CSI
300. We're lower by about 610 of 1%. Uh
and we're focusing very on crude markets
and Shanghai futures there, of course,
are following the price of Brent and WTI
this morning and popping some 9%. uh
there uh also when it comes to stocks I
mean some of these large caps are
selling off here look at ping on
insurance uh Capricorn tech is lower by
about 1% wang uh there was a headline
about some of the leaders there uh has
been I believe investigated so certainly
that is one thing to watch there um
there when it comes to Wuluang and that
company in particular um so there has
been some beyond just the overall
headline news around Iran um the
chairman under detention I should say
when it comes to Wuang Yeah. So there
you go. Um let's look at the boards and
see how Hong Kong is doing here right
now cuz you know you take take a look at
bonds in general. There has been kind of
this rush into treasuries even when it
comes to CGBs here this morning. HST is
looking like this. So we're seeing more
pronounced moves and getting even closer
to that 5,000 level when it comes to HS
Tech. So we're down some 2%. Uh Hen is
also lower by about 1.3% here this
morning. It seems like most sectors uh
are in the red. Even the property space
here today is not immune to some of the
headline news that we're seeing around
jail politics and the like. HSBC stock
meanwhile is also down some 3%. Uh you
know Dave has been talking about
obviously the impact from private credit
that's really kind of hurting some of
these Japanese banks as well. So the
banking space also their exposure to the
UAE and the Middle East is certainly
going to be a key focus here as well. I
think there was a stand chart might be
one that could fall today just given
their exposure to that region as well.
Uh but yes, tech you're seeing big
moves. Xiaomi's down some 3%. There you
go. Continue to see more sellside. Uh
and the analysts there talking about
what where oil prices going to go.
Morgan Stanley the latest there raising
their second quarter bread price
forecast to $80 there. That is u bumping
up from an upside about $18 or so.
Similar moves that we saw with City in
the last few hours as well. Goldman also
putting that $18 price premium on the
price of crude here in the near term. So
the transmission effect is that oil and
energy players are kind of moving up
along uh there Costco shipping. So the
shipping side of things certainly could
be in some ways benefiting from the
geopolitics given where freight rates
might be and the like. So there you go.
Costco shipping is up some 10%. And the
gold miners, right? So there's been kind
of this havens first strategy that we're
seeing across markets. You know,
knee-jerk reaction is to go back into
the precious metals. So Zing mining and
the like catching a slight bid here this
morning. But airline stock certainly is
the big one here just given the
disruptions they could be on the
opposing side of all this as well. There
you go. You are seeing the likes of some
of these Chinese airlines. Cafe a
Pacific also down some 3%.
>> Yeah, airlines airports are actually
trading also to the downside right now
because they are hit both ways right
disruptive on revenues cost
substantially because of the energy
story. Uh it's worth pointing out Korea
cash markets are shut today.
>> Uh we do have some proxies though here
in the region in Hong Kong specifically.
of course some of the ETFs here whether
those are the plain vanilla ones or some
of the leverage ones of course on your
screens and the reason we bring this up
is Korea was already acting up going
into the weekend specifically uh it is
shot today but of course we are seeing
some uh risk aversion uh there just to
broaden the view again back in terms of
the Asia Pacific and how we're treating
and how markets are digesting this
specifically on the equity side of
things uh to talk more about this Jason
joining us here in Jason Louie head of
APAC equity and derivative strategy at
BNP Paraba good Very nice to see you
sir. Uh what do you make of the price
action so far?
>> I think to both of your point what is
interesting to note is that it's
relatively well contained in terms of
that transmission mechanism. Uh
obviously we've seen energy price
reacted the most because that's the most
immediate asset that has been impacted
as well as the precious metal. Uh what
is also uh encouraging at least at early
signs is that it seems like the currency
market and the equity market are
relatively well contained. So I think
ultimately at the moment the market is
trying to watch the duration of that
conflict. uh because it seems that
there's still a lot of unknowns
happening in the market right now and so
we're taking cues uh from the commodity
market trying to see how long this
conflict will drag on and we also saw
that from oil for example it came back a
little bit from that intraday high as
well so it seems that the market is
still trying to digest the severity and
the duration of this conflict
>> and geopolitics usually you know the the
moves that we've seen across markets
tend to fade quite fast do you get a
sense that this is a bit different this
time given that not just the impact on
oil markets there's also this kind of uh
impact on inflationary whether this
could lead to some sort of inflationary
shock that you know the Fed can't really
do anything um just given what we've
been seeing with this conflict if it
continues to persist longer does it feel
different a little bit more than than
previous conflicts that we've dealt with
>> I think the timing of it certainly
complicates the matter because if you
look at the US market before uh the
latest development we already seen some
softness especially in the credit space
and I think the interest rate market
also reacted like you saw the long end
interest rate actually gone down uh for
the last week or two in anticipation for
some of the softness. Whereas in Asia,
what is unique this time is that we are
not necessarily taking all the US input.
Right? If you look across Asia, you have
Japan having a strong story when it
comes to how Prime Minister Takishi can
run the government. You have seen very
strong demand in Korea and Taiwan and
also even within the uh China on Hong
Kong space, you have also pockets of
opportunity which is quite different
than some of the previous episodes. C
can I ask you too about we were talking
during the break and I think something
that is getting largely ignored because
of all for obvious reasons what's going
on in the Middle East. There's this
massive sell-off taking place in Japan
with the financials and broader concerns
there and this is not a new story,
right? The private credit concerns and
whether or not that's a canary in the
coal mine and the credit cycle. What do
you think is happening there? Is it
something I need to worry about or is
that specific only to a group of stocks?
>> Certainly. I think when I look at the
price action this morning, the uh
underperformance of topics banks uh
certainly caught a lot of people's
attention. I think if we look at this
performance, we may have to divide it
into a few parts. Number one is that
throughout last week there's been a lot
of kind of conflicting news in terms of
how quickly the bank of Japan can hike.
You may recall that there were some
local news articles suggesting that the
prime minister has suggested the uh BOJ
to slow down on this hike. Right.
>> Uh the prime minister also nominated two
relatively doubbish uh candidate to the
board and then later on there are
several other articles suggesting that
the BOJ may once again considering
hiking. So I think you already have a
little bit of nervousness regarding the
policy trajectory to begin with. On top
of that, you have a little bit of that
spillover effect uh from the US
regarding some of the credit situation.
So I think the combined effect of that
on top of that relatively uh kind of
crowded positioning has resulted in this
underperformance at least based on
today's price action.
>> Is the private credit space mostly just
AIdriven and what the concern around
disruptions around software or or do you
see anything else there that is is
causing this sort of stress? Now
>> I think in terms of that main focus is
on the AI side but if you look at the
actual credit events so far that has
happened for the past 6 to 12 months
they were actually not AI related. So
perhaps the market is trying to
anticipate can we see some of that
spillover effect effect from more
traditional industry to the more AI
industry but certainly it is one area
that we are monitoring very closely even
from an equity perspective
>> you know as you were pointing out right
you know some of these stories were on
shaky foundation whether that's Japan
and credit uh the fact that Korea
separately has been basically a market
has gone vertical and that started to
wobble on Friday what do you think
happens with Korea is my question do you
what's happening in the Middle East
causes a the markets to correct there.
Is that is that something uh that can
connect?
>> I think certainly given how strong Korea
has been year to date, I think it's fair
to see a little bit of that profit
ticking. Um you pointed out about Korea
being soft on Friday. So we saw that on
last Friday uh foreigners actually sold
the largest amount of Korean equities uh
since the record begins in the 1990s.
That's right. So it seems that there
already been this kind of a gradual uh
de-risking at least from a foreign
positioning perspective. I think the
bigger question is how would domestic
react uh investor react to that and we
may have to wait till Tuesday to get a
better sense but looking at the currency
market so far things are relatively
calm. Um so let's see if things will
change in the next uh 24 hours or so
then we may have a better sense on how
the locals will feel about the
situation.
>> Chinese markets have been sort of losing
out to the whole Korea and Taiwan story
in some ways. Um yeah and southbound
flows have started to kind of dry up a
little bit. I'm just wondering now that
we it's a big week for China. If we if
it wasn't for this Iran conflict, we
would be building up to MPC
>> later on this week.
>> You know, did you do you see any sort of
catalyst in the horizon when it comes to
the two sessions and what can come up?
Yeah.
>> If I may try to address your first part
of the question regarding the the
Chinese market underperforming, it is
true that if you look at indices like
Hangen or HST, uh they have
underperformed Korea, uh Taiwan and
Japan. But that's probably a part of
that reflection of software versus
hardware divide that is playing out on a
global basis. uh even though these
internet companies are not really
software they seem to be being viewed as
a proxy of software which suffer a
little bit from that but if you look at
the pure play AI so we have seen these
newly listed IPO stocks that has done
very well and if you look at the China
onshore market a lot of the hardware
related stocks are still doing quite
well so perhaps the uh perception of
China market underperformance because of
the construction of the indices where
the North Asia indices a lot more
directly related to AI um to your second
part of your question regarding what to
expect um I think right Now based on
what we have seen from the regional
government, it seems that it is possible
the growth target for 2026 will be
somewhere between 4.5 to 5%. That's
based on the aggregation of all the
provincial forecasts. I think a bigger
question is what other additional policy
the government is willing to introduce
especially when it focus on consumption
because this is still one area that
policy makers seems to be extremely
focused on.
>> Jason, it's good to have you. Jason Ly,
the head of APEC equity and derivative
strategy at BMP Paraba. Uh we're taking
a look when it comes to the Hangen
China. So eight shares uh right now
continue to fall. Uh this takes us now
that drop to about 10% uh from the early
October sort of days here. So it looks
like we could be entering to a
correction uh when it comes to the H
share market here today if things
continue the way they are.
>> Absolutely. Yeah. At about these levels
if we close that that's 10% from October
to that peak left side of your screens.
Just ahead here on the show, we'll
discuss the death of Iran Supreme Leader
and what that could mean for the future
of the Islamic Republic. The director of
Iranian studies at Stanford joins us
next. This is Bloomberg.
I think now that the Supreme Leader
Ayatah Alhami has been uh killed in US
and Israeli air strikes, you may see
that the attitude and the goal of the
remaining Iranian regime is to cause as
much damage to the United States, to
Israel, and potentially to the region as
is possible. What the president seems to
indicate is look, what he wants is
regime change, at least a more pliable
regime at the end of this. In order to
get there and not just have the default
be that the revolutionary guards
ultimately take power and control even
more so than they've had, then it
probably means to have some sort of
alternative, real alternative
government. You need somebody to
actually switch sides or you need
somebody with frankly weapons to stand
aside.
Just some of our guests are reacting to
the quite dramatic
unprecedented in some cases unfolding
events taking place in the Middle East
as we as we currently speak. Joining us
now from California is Abbas Milani,
director of Iranian Iranian studies at
Stanford University. He's also the
author of books including the sha and a
biography of course of Muhammad Raza
Palavi who was ousted back in 1979 of
course the Islamic revolution there
Abbas good morning from the Asia uh
Pacific is this we were talking during
the break that this is something that
you you know we haven't seen in many
many decades is this Iran in survival
mode is this you know break the glass in
case of emergency Iran what is it
capable of given the circumstances
currently
I think it is a historic moment. I think
for the regime it's a historic moment. I
think it is the most serious challenge
they have faced. Has ruled Iran with an
iron fist for 37 years. His ideas have
been dominant for 37 years. and his
absence as well as the absence of at
least 40 of its top military and
political uh elite uh has created a
serious challenge to the regime uh and
has put it even I think in a weaker
point than they were before all of this
began.
>> What would this transition look like to
you now? Um the president says this
could end in four to five weeks.
>> You know what what what do you think
about the timeline? what could unfold.
>> I don't know what the president has in
mind and what the Israelis have in mind,
but my sense of the Iranian regime from
everything that has happened in the last
24 hours is that they don't have the
stomach or the desire to prolong this
much. Uh the Iran's foreign minister has
already indicated that they're willing
to have a ceasefire and that usually
indicates that they are uh in a
desperate mode. uh they don't have the
economic capacity to sustain a four or
five week long uh uh battle. The people
are profoundly angry at them. The
financial system is on the verge of
collapse. One of the biggest banks has
collapsed already. The second one is in
line to collapse. Virtually all of the
banks are bankrupt. The regime knows
this. Its critics know this. The people
know this. So the notion that they can
sustain a very long war or want to
sustain a very long war to me is a
strange. The attacks they made against
Saudi Arabia, against United Arab
Emirates, against to me indicates uh not
just folly but desperation. These are
the countries that they needed if they
were going to survive and they have now
brought those countries into the line of
people who are their critics. Saudi
Arabia has literally threatened to
attack Iran if Iran again attacks Saudi
Arabia.
Abbas the
you know one of the things that stood
out from commentary from the weekend is
Iran is much more consequential to the
world in the region because of its size
right it's this is you know this is an
economy in a country that's much bigger
than Syria Libya Afghanistan Iraq and
the path and just speaking of regime
change the path towards
the path that leads into transition can
look almost identical to the path that
leads towards civil war civil unrest.
With the information we have now, which
path do you think we're likely to take
there domestically?
>> Uh I think both domestically and uh
internationally. Uh the path of civil
war is less likely or it's possible, but
it's less likely. Nobody uh will benefit
from this. China will not benefit from
it. Russia will not benefit from it. The
Saudis won't benefit. The Turks won't
benefit. Nobody uh wants a long civil
war. Now there might be radical elements
within Iran who see a central government
weakened and will try to make some hay
out of it. But I don't think those kinds
of radical elements
begin or sustain a civil war. Uh I think
the more likely scenario is that uh
whether the regime will make radical
changes within the system to make it
demeanable to the people of Iran and to
the international community or there
will be uh change from uh within and
without. I wouldn't be at all surprised
if the IRGC tries to take control or the
IRGC and some combination of other
forces realize that the status quo is
untenable. The IRGC is now an economic
juggernaut. They have billions and
billions of dollars of assets. They want
to keep those assets. So, uh, a civil
war doesn't help them. A protected war
doesn't help them. And I think that to
me is the more likely scenario.
>> Do you think that you mentioned about
the regime? I'm just wondering, you
know, Ham, he inherited this sort of
Islamic Republic, one that was very
anti-western, anti-US, anti-Israel
in some ways. Does that theology change
in any way now that he he's been killed?
>> I I think so. I I think uh he was the
mastermind of uh uh the intrigent
anti-Americanism
and the intrigent anti-Israeli rhetoric.
he was more than anyone responsible for
arming and strengthening Hezbollah. Uh I
heard an interview with who said very
much this uh he was very much adamant
that there cannot be negotiations direct
negotiations or a rapam with the US. He
was adamant that the destruction of the
state of Israel is part of Iran's
national strategic interest. And these
are minority views certainly in Iran and
I think even within the regime now that
he is out of the picture I think there
is a chance for people both Iran as a
society and even the regime uh that they
need to jettison these uh ideas and come
up to a new uh strategy that is
commensurate with Iran's national
interest. countries. No country, no
country has essentially supported this
regime in these hours because I think
everybody uh understands that this
regime in its current form is bad news
for everybody.
Abbas the New York Times Donald Trump
the president was conducting an
interview I believe with the times
in in the last hour or so and one of the
headlines that's come out from I want to
get your thoughts on this is that Trump
says he had three very good choices on
the next Iran leader. Do any names come
to mind?
>> Uh well he hasn't mentioned any. I think
probably one of the people that uh we
know Ritkov met uh with uh is the crown
prince. Clearly there's some people in
his uh adi group group of advisers think
that he is the most likely. He's
certainly the most popular polls show
that he has more popular support inside
and outside Iran than anybody else. But
he has been uh unwilling to commit. The
other two must be the other two
alternatives I think must be people from
within Iran. Uh there are people that
are reported to be negotiating with the
Americans from within the regime. Uh the
Iranian regime has talked about for
example uh a group uh that had been
talking even before this war that they
need they want to make uh peace with the
west and the world.
Abbas uh we got to leave you there but
thank you so much Abbas Milani there
director of Iranian studies at Stanford
University he's also the author of books
including the sha biography of Muhammad
Raza Pazlabi who was ousted in the 1979
Islamic revolution we're going to get
plenty of commentary on the conflict in
Iran the next hour the head of ex
analyst joins us to discuss energy
markets we'll also hear from former
Chinese official Henry Wang to get the
reaction from Beijing of course who is
the the biggest buyer of Iranian oil
much more ahead this is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. All right. Uh we're
looking at some of these defense related
names given of course the big events and
news flow coming through over the
weekend. Um and I think you juxtapose
that well the context of course when you
look at the Japanese specific names is
that we are coming off a substantial
selloff given the separate China angle
to that. So we are getting a bounce in
that direction to the upside. Uh banks
are also in focus. This is a separate
story although maybe the overlay here is
just one of risk aversion today on top
of
uh concerns there over private credit
and what that means as far as the
financials and the you know exposure
quality uh on the balance sheets are
concerned just to also mention right
this is equity markets when you look at
CDS for example and some of the the
spreads in in the credit markets also
seeing a widening there quite
substantially going into the session
today uh oil and shipping in focus uh
for very obvious reasons Oil's on the
way up. Uh that's pushing the upstream
players up. The downstream users are
obviously feeling the pressure.
Everything from shipping companies to
airlines to broadly transport names are
also feeling the pinch here. And yeah,
apart from that, benchmarks in focus. We
mentioned this earlier on that we are
set to enter a technical correction on
the Hen China benchmark. It's 10% from
October 2. The Shanghai comp though is
doing and holding up quite reasonably
well. And as you can see on your
screens, 210 of 1% given everything that
take that's taking place. Uh there
plenty more ahead. Second hour of the
China show is coming up.
One thing I think is important to
remember just a couple of months ago
before the tension with Iran started
prices were below $60 per barrel. So
that really means that with all Iranian
tension prices have increased 30% in
just a couple of months. But I think
that the market needs to keep a close
eye on what happens in the straight of I
think that's the key to fully understand
the scope of this crisis.
We should not forget that the
revolutionary guard has some not
precisely known but some very very major
engagement in the Iranian economy. Uh
frankly a lot of the sanctions have even
raised their stature in terms of uh the
economy. for example, uh clearly Iran
has continued to export about a million
and a half barrels of oil uh per day,
much of it to China. Uh and if anything,
the revolutionary guard uh precisely
because it must be uh against the
sanctions has largely taken control of
that.
>> I think China has an outsized concern
here. I would imagine that strategists
in Beijing are really concerned at what
they're seeing because they depend on
substantially uh 45% of their imports of
crude come from the Gulf. Almost all
Iranian does go to China and they're
just coming off the heels of this whole
episode in Venezuela and they were
taking all of that crude before it was
diverted by the United States. So
they're seeing Washington use energy as
leverage in various theaters around the
world that are potentially compromising
China's energy energy security supply
chains. It's got to be a concern and
they're going to have to pay more for
their oil going forward.
>> Iran has many layers. It has succession
plans. It will have a new leader. It
will not splinter easily. Uh Iran's
regime is quite institutionalized. The
Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps is
quite fierce and yes, there will be
tremendous harm. But let's remember the
Iran Iraq war went on for 8 years. Uh so
Iran does not give up easily. It in fact
has an entire culture of resistance.
Some of our guests discussing the impact
of the Iran conflict on energy markets.
Welcome back to the China show. Of
course, we're looking at HSI half hour
into the session and yeah, as we talked
about, comparatively speaking,
relatively speaking, we actually are
seeing equity markets taking this in
stride in some ways, right? Not as
pronounced of a selling. Um and you're
not seeing that sort of panic selling
though although hen is down some 2% we
tal about hang the eight shares I should
say is on course for entering into a
technical correction certainly but you
know leading up to this sort of conflict
in Iran I think there was a lot of
fragile sentiment already right when you
talk about private credit we talk about
trade policy you talk about AI
disruptions and the like so was this
sort of the the perfect excuse to to
derisk do take a bit of profits that
certainly is one key question we're
asking but yes oil markets continue to
be asking a lot of questions this
morning, Dave.
>> And is
do events put at risk and this is a
question we'll be posing to our guests
later on. Put at risk the upcoming
summit between
>> the two presidents, right? Because if
that is something that's on the table as
far as something we need to be watching
out for that's another risk event these
markets perhaps are baking in to the
equation apart from the fact that all
the other weak spots you've already
mentioned going into uh the session
today uh in fact hanging tech to the
point Ivonne was making right we we've
come so far down that we haven't hit
5,000 uh we're very close to 5,000 uh
right now in the Hangen tech index uh
flirting with that level. We haven't
seen this level by the way since
liberation day last last year. Um uh the
energy space is obviously feeling the
upward pressure coming through from the
upstream uh in the oil contracts which
are coming up next on your screens.
Right? So here's a stat for you guys. Uh
we opened at 82 on Brent. We closed
below 73 on Friday. The volumes coming
through not on your screens but the
volumes coming through in West Texas
over a,000%
heavier in terms of volumes for this
time of the day. Okay, so that just
gives you an indication how active the
energy markets are given every events
that have t been taking place there. Um
let's very quickly go into the rest of
the region though you have the nickel
Asia Pacific 1.3% futures European
futures US futures footsy futures also
coming up on your screen should be
showing some pressure and it's important
to note while you are seeing a sell off
this is not contagion this is not panic
level uh in as far as that's concerned
1.4% 4% on Europe perhaps more
pronounced pain point there ethics
markets dollar stronger the yen is
stronger and the Swiss Frank are
stronger against each other that gives
you a sense of the risk aversion in
these markets here today
>> yeah let's let's get the latest on the
conflict in Iran with Bloomberg
Horizon's Middle East and Africa anchor
Jamanna Bashetti she joins us from Dubai
Jamanna I know you've been covering this
all weekend uh first and foremost just
give us the latest on where you're
seeing things from Dubai obviously I'm
sure it's been very tense
Absolutely. And I will say that this is
unprecedented. What has happened around
the UAE and other major capitals in the
Gulf over the course of the last 48
hours is not something that anyone
anticipated. Of course, we were all on
high alert going into the weekend
thinking of the real possibility of
military action. But I don't think many
people had anticipated that Iran's
retaliation would also be directed at
many of these Gulf cities. And you would
have seen over the course of the weekend
uh the fact that most of the missiles
were intercepted but uh debris has
actually managed to sustain some serious
infrastructure to uh some damage to to
some civilian infrastructure and we saw
that with a luxury uh hotel on Palumera
which is a very you know luxurious part
of town in Dubai. We've seen it with the
closure of airports around major cities
uh in Dubai, in Abu Dhabi, in Bahin. We
have thousands of passengers who were
stranded. Many people are trying
frantically to leave the UAE to find a
way to get back. These are foreigners or
or expats who are here who just happen
to be on holiday. And so there's this
really fraught feeling in the region.
And I think it is fair to say that over
the course of this weekend, what was
supposed to be a US Iran or Iran Israel
conflict has most certainly broadened
into a a broader regional conflict. Uh
and there is a lot of fear about what
could happen next and where the possible
offramps are going to be.
>> Um we were exchanging messages over the
weekend as events started to really
unfold and
Well, te take us through what's going on
in your head, Jaman, in terms of just
the reaction we are getting from
>> other Gulf states and where do you think
you know traditional relationships lie
right now given that you know this is
not norm we don't normally see it's it
shouldn't be part of most people's
weekends to watch missiles getting
intercepted up above.
>> Yep. and also reports of people running
to the supermarkets in Dubai of of all
places. Right. This is these are most
definitely as I said unprecedented
times. This was not an expected outcome
and authorities really trying to uh
reassure citizens that things are under
control. I will say though for the Gulf
States uh the language especially those
coming out of the UAE and Saudi Arabia
suggests that Iran most certainly seems
to have crossed some form of a red line.
Um you heard one of the senior adviserss
to the UAE president. This is Dr. Anar
Gargosh put out a statement yesterday uh
urging Iran to return to their senses
and telling them that they would not
hesitate to defend their own interests.
Similar language coming out of Saudi
Arabia. So if anything, what this has
done, it's served to unify many of these
Gulf states and perhaps bring them
closer to the United States position. At
the same time, I think you listen to the
language coming out of President Trump.
You listen to the language coming out of
the Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu.
They also don't seem to be giving a lot
of indication that the aerial campaign
and these strikes against Iran are going
to let up anytime soon until they see a
form of potential capitulation coming
out of the Islamic Republic. And yes, a
key figure head was taken out over the
weekend alongside many key personnel in
the uh in the revol revolutionary guard,
the IRGC. Uh but Iran also have not
slowed down with their own retaliation
and so we're in this situation now where
things are still in a very hot and live
state of conflict uh looking for those
offramps. There are various talks about
President Trump being willing to speak
to the new leaders of the Islamic
Republic. But of course, they will have
to concede to the terms that the US have
put forwards. And at the same time, uh I
think there is a clear objective right
now and it's become very obvious over
the course of the weekend that the goal
isn't just to uh take out nuclear
facilities or to take out military
infrastructure, but the goal actually is
regime change.
All right. Um, we are getting some lines
here uh when it comes to uh PEX. So, he
is going to be holding a press
conference on Operation Epic Fury. This
is going to be 8:00 a.m. Eastern time uh
when of course the US wakes up. Uh
certainly going to be one thing to watch
here as well, Jima, uh on what the US
sort of next moves are going to be. Um
obviously oil traders and the like are
still deciphering,
>> yeah,
>> what this sort of means for the straight
of moves, right? I know Iran
officials have said it is still open,
remains open, but it's almost like a
self-inflicted sort of halt that we're
seeing among tankers at the entrance of
these waterways right now. So, how soon
can we actually see these tankers start
selling crude and and passing through
this waterway once again?
>> Yeah, I mean, if you monitor the traffic
that's coming through the street of
Homer, it's pretty much grounded to a
halt. I think it's down something like
80% per Kepler. That's data analytics
firm. So I mean the Iranians are saying
that they are not stopping the
passageway of vessels. At the same time
we know that uh three vessels were
downed over the weekend and also the US
also downed Iranian vessels. So there's
definitely a lot going on there. Tanker
activity has all but but been halted. Uh
and so the impact as you saw this
morning initially on oil you saw a
massive spike upwards of around 10% at
the open. We've obviously pulled back
since then. Uh but the key question for
traders from here is how long this state
of semiclosure or very uh halted
activity is going to persist for. Number
two, even though we haven't actually
seen any physical attacks on oil
pipelines or energy infrastructure
again, how long is that situation going
to persist for? Because once you start
getting the hits on the oil
infrastructure, then you're taking into
you're taking it to a whole different
level. in which case you could see
those, you know, worst case scenarios of
oil hitting triple digits or 100 $100
plus. Uh I will say yesterday there was
the regular OPEC plus monthly meeting uh
and the OPEC plus group did decide to
increase production by more than 200,000
barrels per day. So offering more oil to
the market in case the situation does
persist. But then the other big question
is how is the oil going to get out of
the region given the straight of Hormos
has been disrupted?
a a a salient point no doubt Joanna of
course we're we're glad you and the team
of course are are safe uh and thank you
for joining us with the insights of
course Joanna Versace there in Dubai uh
for us just on on a note here uh further
headlines are coming through and we
understand that and we're moving of
course into a new dawn literally and
figuratively in the region there uh
several powerful explosions are now
being heard uh in Iran in Thyan in Karaj
there. That's according to Tasnim. Uh
just an update of that current
situation. Separately, I should also
mention that a hingen tech index is now
down 2.8%. We have in fact now taken out
that 5,000 handle to the downside. The
oil store is going the opposite way.
When you look at Brent, West Texas,
Shanghai crude is now up 9%
on your screens. Energy plays are up 1%.
Joining us now is Mukesh SDV uh founder,
CEO and chief oil analyst at Energy
Market Consultancy Xan analysts.
Very nice to see you sir. Last time we
spoke I think we spoke twice in a matter
of two or three days. That was back in
during what was taking place in
Venezuela. Here we are today. What's the
conversation
in your industry circle this morning?
Take us into those WhatsApp groups over
the weekend
>> the show. Uh first indeed my hearts and
prayers for all the people in the
distress.
What I would say in the circles you know
four words can describe the oil markets.
We have seen we have seen the sticky
60s. We have seen the slippery 70s. Now
we are seeing the elusive 80s and the
missing 100. And what I've been talking
and there are strong reasons to believe
and that's why the market has not
reacted like uh a lot of people talked
about. Uh there is no reason for market
to go to 100. I believe there is a lot
of home rules uh hormopia
happening in the market. Uh where there
are so many other important factors and
I can go into 10 factors but uh probably
I'll limit to one or one or two or three
a little later. So I guess the market
has reacted in the right and the
measured way and this was expected and
that's what uh in the previous programs
I was calling that uh US will take
action when Hermos is Iran proof uh Iran
is not blocking the Hermos because they
can because they can't that's my view
and that's why the oil prices are now um
now in 76.
Can can you explain a little bit more on
the no hormuz blockage scenario? Um we
we have seen that oil tankers I think
have voluntarily decided to divert their
their routes away from this waterway
right now just for now.
>> Uh it seems like this is more kind of
self-imposed than something that you're
hearing from Iran.
>> One I believe that this is self-imposed.
uh certainly plus also a very important
factor to note is that uh US gave enough
time to a lot of those countries in the
Gulf to evacuate. We have seen even Iran
sending instead of 1.2 million barrels
per day 2 million barrels oil out uh
before this happened. If you look at the
gasoline which was uh which has touched
maybe 14 million barrels out which was
probably around 8. Same story for
diesel. Same story for all the products
is the product markets which feels the
brunt the most. So I guess a lot of oil
was already evacuated. Now it's a
precautionary and also no insurance uh
probably companies ready to do it and it
is a good thing because this might lead
to some you know environmental sort of
disasters. So this is not blockage
because in my view Iran Iran if they
would uh if they had the ability to do
it do it they would have done it. So I
don't think uh it's just it's a
temporary thing.
>> Mukesh I'm not sure if you heard we were
just speaking with our colleague and our
our our co-anchor in Dubai Joanna just
now. The new element here seems to be
the reaction the strong reaction coming
through not just out of the Saudis but
also uh out of the Emirates the UAE.
That is the new element here. How does
that dovetail into your oil price
forecast?
But it perfectly dubtales because let's
look at it uh Saudis have not been
attacked uh uh I believe and we and
Russia or China there is no
entanglement. So I believe the war in
some ways over it is now a war within
Iran that's happening and Iran is uh
probably finding a way out to stop the
hammering which is going from US and
Israel. So what is the best place to
strike in the Gulf? It is Dubai. it is
UAE which is the financial capital in
the Middle East and that might put
pressure on the US and other players to
to put pressure on Iran to stop it. So I
think this is a bit of a fight by Iran
in desperation. The main objective of
the US Israel was is done with the
neutralization of the leadership in
Iran. So in my view the war is kind of
over with the big news and now I was
hearing the news that Trump has probably
three names of the future succession. So
let's just wait when there's news comes
out and things would uh probably will be
a little bit more calmer from here.
>> Okay. So you mentioned sticky 60s uh
missing $100 oil mukesh. just just give
us a forecast then the next 3 to six
weeks or months even where you see these
oil prices going here because you know
most people are thinking maybe I need to
still attach about a $20 premium on the
price of crude right now
>> it's hard to predict wars but it's not
hard to build a strong conviction and a
bias and my bias is that one we are in
February and March we are not in July
and August which is the peak you know
summer demand months So in that sense uh
if if this would have happened in July
and August in the northern hemisphere
summer yes oil prices could have gone
above. So my call which I have been
consistent is you know 80s is the top
end hundreds maybe one or two days it
might go for some strange miscalculated
fake news that might come out and also I
believe uh now the market is not
reacting because there is so much of AI
generated news that's taking place. So
I'm not calling for a big oil price
spike because we are in February. There
is enough uh China which is the biggest
buyer of oil is already bought a lot and
they are busy actually transferring oil
from the water to the sea. The floating
storage near China is quite high. uh and
I will also say uh to some extent uh
that uh the closure of form uh is
probably not happening any time and this
precautionary would would be over quite
soon. So in that sense the moment we
hear let's say the transition government
in Iran and this is a series of things
which is very important to note uh after
Venezuela Iran and now Russia Russian
oil continues to flow to India and to
other parts of the world so there are
enough reasons the market is well
supplied and OPEC if it was so worried
they would have brought 400 they brought
200 I think that gave a calm to the
market that there is no need for panic
and that's why I believe that We will
stay very soon come back to the cri7s
and the elusive 80s and the 100 would
still be missing.
>> Mesh always great to have you Mesh SV
there founder CEO and chief oil analyst
at energy market consultancy X analyst.
Uh we're checking when it comes to not
just the oil plays but really what's
happening when the tech plays here this
morning and we continue to see HS Tech.
Now we have officially broken below that
5,000 threshold here. were down some 3%
uh for China Tech here this morning. We
have more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
All right. Uh just as we marched below
uh there with HS Tech uh just now we
have hit below that 5,000 level here.
And yes, as we continue to see uh the AI
disruptions and the like, we finally
kind of broke below that that
psychological line here given the Iran
situation and what we're seeing across
equities here right now. Joining us now
is Lanting to our managing editor for
Asia Equities. She joins us from
Singapore. Um overall, I mean, it seems
like, you know, equities in some ways is
is still, you know, they're falling, but
not as much as what we're seeing in the
volatility around crude markets. But
overall, what do you make of some of the
price dynamics we're seeing in equity
markets so far?
Yeah, and today as you guys mentioned,
HST seems to be an outstanding loser and
it just came off its worst month in two
uh years in February. So the first day
of trading in March and we see renewed
selling. That's really not a good sign.
I think part of it is still the BU
earnings being digested and more
earnings being expected and caution
continues to be priced into uh the HS
tech space and there is also a
reflection about how MPC which is
happening on March 5th um basically
people are probably expecting there is
not going to be major stimulus on the
internet sector and probably more
stimulus will be on the onshore hardware
sector that's why you're seeing CSI and
Shanghai composite today way
outperforming and of course uh EV sector
is also quite weak if you look at the uh
weekend uh stats coming out of BYD I
think all the subsidies are sort of over
for a while and there's new no new
catalyst for that sector either uh in
terms of a broader uh equity space it's
quite a classic market reaction playing
out to Middle Eastern tensions energy
shipping defense gold miners are all up
and airline stocks plun challging. Um I
think today would probably be the mo the
most intense days in terms of market
reaction. If history is of any guidance
um yeah overall I would say reaction is
not that dramatic. I think people are
looking at all sorts of headlines coming
out in the last hour also including the
one on WSJ and New York Times seemingly
like that Trump and Iran are looking for
a deal. So there's uh going to be a lot
of uh continued chropping uh chroy
tradings uh driven by headlines but for
now it seems like traders are betting
that this will not be a prolonged war.
>> Uh it so lenting if traders are correct
in that assumption. What are the other
themes that are seemingly falling under
the radar for obvious reasons? What so
apart from Iran? What else is going on
today in these markets?
Yeah. Well, edge tech being one. But I
think overall people are just digging a
bit deeper into the kind of winners uh
out of this Iran tension. We've seen
quite a few notes coming out of various
strategists touting various sectors.
Sockjen for example is touting Korean
shipping companies. Korea is off today.
Uh but the Korean shipping nevertheless
was considered a winner because of
higher freight costs. Even Singaporean
banks are also touted because of their
traditional correlation to oil prices
due to their loan exposure to oil
companies and Japan trading firms are
also considered uh a win from the
tensions and because they are positively
uh exposed to rising energy prices. Uh
and if you like look at city they
upgraded UK saying that UK stocks are
overall tilted heavily towards
commodities and defensive sectors and
thus will serve as an effective
geopolitical hedge within equity
portfolios. Uh in the meantime city
downgraded Japan saying that Japan as a
market uh as a whole tends to be an
underperformer uh amid rising oil
prices.
>> Ying thank you so much. uh Leinu there
of course her team is extremely busy as
we try and unpack of course the the
fallout or lack of it really in some
cases the ring fence impact let's call
it that on most of these market right
now lenting to there uh who oversees of
course our equities coverage okay just
the latest updates here coming through
uh on the story we're hearing from
Japan's chief cabinet secretary Minor
Kihara speaking in Tokyo specifically on
the oil market story that oil prices are
determined by the fifth factor not
important uh that they're making all
efforts to ensure stable energy supply.
There is no immediate plan to release
strategic oil reserves and that there is
no report of immediate impact on oil
supply uh and demand. That's the
Japanese side of things. Just to recap
to some of the other headlines we've
heard from Pete Hegath of course and we
understand there is a press briefing
that is being scheduled and some lines
coming through from the US president uh
and that interview he did with the New
York Times. Yeah, he's still hoping that
maybe the these talks can continue uh
with Iran here, of course, after this uh
conflict that we've seen over the
weekend. Certainly, there's a lot of
questions on what this means for the the
nuclear program in Iran and the like.
So, uh that's still kind of what's ahead
here. Obviously, we've been focusing a
little bit more on that press briefing.
8 a.m. Eastern time is when they're
going to have that press briefing on
Operation uh their Epic Fury. Um we have
plenty more to come and of course going
to check markets coming through here all
throughout the morning. This is
Bloomberg.
All
right, 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese
markets are heading to that lunch break
in just a moment. And there you go. Uh
we continue to see some downside here
when it comes to equity markets. It
seems like we are now starting to see
this regional selloff be a little bit
more pronounced there. Before it was a
bit more resilient, the stock side of
things, but we have even seen a CSI 300
Ages Tech uh really give up a lot of
that early resilience here this morning
as well. So there you go. uh when it
comes to Japan, it's really been felt
across the financials, the the banks and
the like here just given uh you know
obviously their exposure to the private
credit space that certainly was
something that was already you know
coming up or something that was emerging
risk here and now a lot of banks
obviously in the region are accessing
and sizing up some of their exposure in
the Middle East as well just given this
Iran conflict as well. So there you go.
Lots to contend with. The currency is on
the weaker side here today. So not quite
seeing that sort of rush to some of the
havens like we've seen in gold like
we've seen in the Swiss Frank and the
like and treasury markets even but yeah
JGBs are just lower by one basis points
here right now Dave.
>> Yeah. Okay. To the point Ivonne was just
making here the selloff seems to be
gaining some momentum across the Asia
Pacific at one and a half% of the
benchmark. We are virtually at session
lows right now and we had this latest
leg lower in the last few minutes or so.
As you can see most sectors are down.
Asian FX is an offer. stronger dollar,
stronger yen, stronger Swiss Frank.
Volumes are also quite heavy today.
We're about 40, I'll round up 45%. Uh
busier on volumes uh for this time of
the session. And it's also worth
pointing out that is the reality even as
Korean markets are shut today, the cash
market. So there is a lot of trading
activity taking place US futures and
going into the European session today.
And by the way, some markets in the
Middle East of course had already
reacted. Um the latest headline coming
through out of the UAE is that I think
we we don't have any trading of course
through to today as far as the equity
markets go. Understandable given the
disruptions to uh businesses and life in
general there. Uh futures are pointing
to the downside. Okay. Uh let's get to
the China angle of all of this. So,
China has criticized the US and Israel
uh on these attacks on Iran, warning
that they risk plunging the region
deeper into instability and undermining
international law. Let's bring in Minman
Lo, our China correspondent in Beijing
for us. Minman, walk us through
specifically, please, if you can, the
Chinese response to this.
Yes, David, the Chinese response has
been very swift but also very measured
and very predictable because the Chinese
foreign ministry put out a statement
soon after the conflict saying that they
are calling for a ceasefire calling for
dialogue saying that this is a violation
of Iran sovereignty. So these are very
familiar lines we hear time and again
even during the last the 12-day war that
we saw last year as well. And on this
screen you can see Chinese foreign
ministers Wangi's conversation. He's
quote uh when he spoke on the phone with
the Russian foreign minister Sergey
Lavro he said it is unacceptable for US
and Israel to attack Iran to take out
the leader of a sovereign country and
even to attempt to incite a change in
regime. And what this shows you is that
the conflict in Iran is already further
entrenching the closed ties between
China and Russia. Both of these
countries see Iran as that
counterbalance against the US in the
Middle East. And of course, security,
energy security is a risk for China
given that it is one of the biggest
buyers of Iranian oil. Uh and it will
want to look out for the emergence of
any new regime in Iran and ensure that
that new power is not going to be fully
aligned with the United States.
>> Yeah. And I mean we have we're just
weeks away from this C Trump summit
that's supposed to happen in in April.
Do you think this is going to affect
this in any way?
It certainly it adds another layer of
complication right because US uh because
China and Iran are very close relations
but at the same time you got to think
about how the relationship has been
quite imbalanced. China is far more
important to Iran than Iran is to China.
You think about the oil purchases. China
purchase about 80% of Iranian oil, but
it only constitutes about 13% of China's
total oil imports by sea. So many
analysts are saying that Iran simply is
not far enough or important enough in
China's agenda for it to sacrifice that
relations with the US because China US
trade relations is still one of the most
important stabilizers for the Chinese
economy, especially at a time when this
week the Chinese parliament will be
meeting to discuss the economic
priorities. And so some say that the
summit will still go as planned. Uh we
haven't heard otherwise from the from
the two countries just yet. But some
investors are analysts are saying that
we need to pair back our expectations as
to what realistically can be achieved.
But bear in mind that China also
traditionally doesn't have a habit of
projecting power far beyond its
strategic backyard. and you know it
wouldn't want to entangle itself in a
crisis in the Middle East that would
draw attention and resources away from
where it is needed most at home. So
again there are still issues like the
tariffs like the Taiwan issue that I
think President Xi would appreciate to
have direct communication with President
Trump on. So we'll see if uh this this
summit goes as planned but certainly
something that we'll keep monitoring.
>> Absolutely. Minman thank you Minman in
Beijing for us. The Texas have just
dropped this into our inboxes quite
literally in the last two minutes or so
that compared to what's been happening
or what happened in Venezuela. Iran is a
much bigger deal for China and really
the risk to energy security it's much
larger and it pertains to imports and
purchases more consequentially of course
what this means politically for the
region and how that of course becomes a
more destabilizing factor in arguably a
more consequential part of the world
than of course what took place in in
Venezuela just early this year I forget
about that already given everything
that's
>> nearly two months ago right um yeah to
really get the more the perspective from
China let's bring in Henry Hu Wang
founder and president of the Center for
China and Globalization, a Beijing based
think tank. Henry, it's always great to
have you. Um,
>> thank you.
>> The fact that the US has carried out two
decapitation strikes against two nations
that are friendly to China, Venezuela
and now Iran. How concerning do you
think that is to Chinese officials here
right now?
Yes, I think this is a very uh uh
dangerous very serious uh uh violation
of international pattern and the norms.
I mean since 2026 at the beginning of
this year uh we had a sovereign nation
leader in Vera being kidnapped and and
of course now we have another sovereign
nation uh uh supreme leader being uh
assassinated and and bombed killed
actually in front of the uh watch of the
world. So that is really uh totally uh
uh changed the pattern norms that we've
been used to for the last 80 years of
second world war. Basically the the the
the chief architect of US design is UN
and multilateral system is gone. Now we
are back to the law of jungle. Uh
whoever muscle is strong bigger whoever
can put practice unilateralism. So this
is really put the whole world into
uncertainty and we are charted into uh
an unc uncertain uh territory now and
this is going to have a huge impact.
It's opened the Pandora's box for
whatever we're going to see in the in
the future because uh all the countries
are are fear of of this unilateral
approach and also there's no norm no
pattern no uh established authority of
international uh authority to really
overseeing or monitoring or uh put a
stop on this kind of a behavior. So this
is really a huge direction of the war
given that Irania has a huge position in
the Middle East and and also Horm
channels that they have and also going
to disrupt the energy supply and economy
but also politically uh global system is
uh under enormous uh uh challenge and
and and disruption. So, so I I I you
know I think China and all the other
country are watching this uh uh
carefully and uh of course many country
are very deeply concerned uh including
China and also strongly condemn this
kind of behavior uh as a as a sovereign
nation of all the world.
Henry David here. Do you think I think
you've underscored really the broader
more material implications really on
just like how the world views the the US
as a superpower that seems to be just
doing what it wants. Does this affect
though just to ask you a question does
this affect you think the upcoming
summit between the two presidents? Is
that at risk at risk of cancellation or
postponement? How do we need to be
looking at that if if if at all? Of
course.
>> Yeah, thanks David. I I think it
probably shows even more so now that uh
US China need this summit more urgently
and uh as last time uh President Trump
and President she called each other they
were actually saying they should really
uh work together to solve some big
issues and make some great uh things
happen. I mean this is probably one of
those things Iranian and stabilize the
Middle East and also furthermore I think
we have a Russian Ukraine war there that
need China US to work together. I so
that's even put this unipolar world is
really uh into the world into some kind
of unbalanced and and you know danger
dangerous place now the world we are
living in and all the airports in the
Middle East are now stopped. Uh so what
I can see is China has a huge interest
uh in the Middle East. China is the
largest trading partner of most of EU uh
Middle East countries, all the Gulf
countries and of course I think uh uh US
is is a big security country in that
region. So I think you know both US and
China has so many things to talk about
and then we need also some uh new
anchors, new balance. Uh US is certainly
is a big one but China is is another
one. I think uh the two countries should
really talk to each other and find a way
to stabilize the global situation and
given that China has also uh broke the
deal for Iran and Saudis a few years
ago. I think China has a deep interest
in that part of the world and US and
China should really talk together uh for
so many things and know in addition to
the US China trade war and we have a lot
of peace lot of stability, prosperity,
future global governance and how the two
biggest economy uh uh country work
together is a issue that the whole world
is watching now and we already see uh
there's no longer China versus west and
all the G7 leaders uh except Trump and
Japanese prime minister all have come to
China and uh so I see this uh upcoming
summit between uh Chinese leader and and
US president is very important and and
also very timely and I think that that
is really also going to hopefully to
help on this situation in the Middle
East.
>> So what what besides rheto I mean you
mentioned that China's already condemned
the strikes from from the weekend. What
besides you know rhetoric can we expect
from from China when it comes to Iran?
Is there any possibility of even you
know having military support sending
military support or even you know or
diplomatic or economic aid? What form
could it take Henry?
Uh I don't think China probably is in
that kind of stage uh yet because I
think China still has so many cards
because you know this world is totally
intertwined and uh uh if if the damage
and harms to China is is deep and
serious enough I'm sure China would uh
not take this just voluntarily or just
accept that you know China has many
other means too. uh uh we we already see
that in the past if US is pushing China
so hard so uh so harsh and China always
can uh uh counter uh sanction counter uh
counter fight back so uh I think now
we're just seeing this it's not only
China seeing this all the BRICS
countries I mean the Shanghai
corporation organization have lowered
the flag at half m for for the kill the
lead of Iranians because Iran is a
member of Shanghai corporation so so I
think you know we We have to be careful
you know how how we have this uh thing
going on. I'm sure the many European
leaders are also uh are not happy and
giving all the Middle East countries are
not happy and then it's going to plow
deep hatred and deep divide for for
decades to come and we don't want to see
Middle East is chaotic and disrupted
again. We don't want to see another 911
and uh so those things are really have
to be very careful. I I think that uh u
you know uh how to solve this, how to uh
make this into a peaceful uh uh
conclusion is really important and China
would like to support that. Uh as China
foreign minister Wangi said they want
you know come back to the negotiate
table and they want to solve this uh
through diplomatic means. I think you
know se several years ago there US does
reach agreement with Iran in the Obama
administration seven country witness the
signing Chinese foreign minister is
there. So we should really pursue that
kind of a multilateral approach rather
than unilateral
attack approach.
>> But would that in some way by by just
you know not doing anything beyond words
could that in some ways risk China being
seen as undependable especially when it
comes to some of their allies in the
global south.
No, I think China has already uh
expressed this first time, you know,
like when the uh this war happened,
China uh ambassador to the UN,
ambassador Futong already spoke uh
outright there uh strongly condemn this
uh invasion and also uh uh deeply
concerned on that. So that's that's the
language they're using now. And and of
course they're going to assess the
damages and they're going to see what
are going to harm Chinese interest
there. And uh uh as you probably just
mentioned you know China is the largest
uh uh buyer of Iranian oil and uh and
also Iranian uh and the whole Middle
East is not just supplying China they
supply the whole world and uh so that is
really bad issue for the whole other
countries to to watch that. So I'm I'm
quite uh concerned on this as well and I
think that I hope this is going to be
solved very soon uh rather than
prolonged uh uh uh fight continuously.
Uh if that happens I'm sure the the
Middle East is the is the is the really
uh most dangerous place in the world and
that going to impact whole world and no
country can afford for that.
>> Henry in fact I want to pick up on that
if if I could. Apologies to interrupt
because I think it's important because
Chinese
>> businesses have really made inroads in
terms of connections to the Middle East
in the over the last few years or so and
I wonder whether the instability and we
were talking with our colleague in Dubai
earlier on like an international finance
center you don't have to worry about
missile debris falling falling on your
houses and in a business district that's
just not something that people are used
to and I wonder whether the instability
should change the way Chinese businesses
look at the Middle East.
>> Well, I I think that certainly have some
impact. Absolutely. I I I heard um uh
many friends and business people
actually is now in uh in uh you know
Dubai and then they cannot fly back
because all the air travel stopped there
because of the war going on and uh
certainly China is put a lot of interest
into Middle East and become the largest
trading relation with all the Gulf
countries I mean including Iranians too.
So uh so this is going to seriously uh
uh uh you know jeopardize the position
that uh all country have in the Middle
East including the US, EU, China of
course uh is one of the most important
one there too. So I think you know I I
don't know how the world going to
tolerate this for for for the time to
come if this unilateral approach war is
still uh uh rampid still continue. I
don't know if China channel going to be
stopped for how long. uh so those things
are not just a concern to the Chinese
businessmen but also to the global
business as as as a whole and so we
could have this butterfly effect to to
change the whole world put the whole
world plunge into recession if this war
is not stopped so so I think it's quite
quite quite serious quite dangerous and
also people have to get used to you know
still think what's happened there they
are in negotiations they they're talking
just so making a lot of progress
suddenly out of the blue the war was
happened and then top leader was killed.
So, uh this is something they never seen
in the past 80 years very often. So,
this is really a surprise to the world
again after Chinese New Year.
>> Henry, thank you so much. We we grateful
for your time. So, thank you for helping
us unpack and see the angle here from
the Chinese side out of Beijing. Henry
Huaw there, founder and president at the
at Center for China and Globalization.
Okay, there's a headline that's coming
through here and this needs a bit of uh
back background in context because about
an hour and a half back the US president
told the New York Times that he had
three candidates in mind in as far as
being the next in line. Now, he's now
told the ABC based on this expost from
Jonathan Carl that President Trump told
me tonight that the US had identified
possible candidates to take over, but
they were killed
in the initial Iran attack. Now, it's
not clear and I just to c I haven't seen
the full post whether or not all three
were actually killed, but I think we
have more information on this. According
to that post from Jonathan Carl, I'm
just reading it as verbatim. The attack
was so successful it knocked out most of
the candidates. Trump told ABC, "It's
not going to be anybody that we were
thinking of because they are all dead.
Second or third place is dead." So that
leaves, I guess, even more questions of
who really is going to rule uh Iran
moving forward here and certainly uh
what this leaves for the regime right
now. So certainly a lot of questions on
what the next US moves are going to be.
Of course, we talked about there's going
to be that press briefing 8:00 a.m. uh
Eastern time tomorrow in the US,
>> right? Um we'll have plenty more ahead.
We'll talk about everything that's going
on, these flight disruptions across
airlines and airports across the world
given everything that's taking place
there in the Middle East.
Well, the conflict in Iran has thrown
global air travel into chaos. I'm sure
you guys have been checking your recent
sort of itineraries here on what to do
next. Take a look at what it comes to,
what this means for airspace. Obviously,
closed over the region and major hubs in
Dubai, Doha, and Abu Dhabi suspending
operations. You see it from some of
these airline stocks across the region
all selling off, although they have
already trimmed some of the initial
losses uh from the opening gates here.
Let's bring in Daniel Lee, our Bloomberg
transit reporter. He's with us here
right now on just how severe these
disruptions have been.
>> Well, the disruption really is focused
on the Gulf carriers who um you know you
know transfer transfer like tens of
thousands of passengers a day. Uh but
when you see the the reaction this
morning in airline stocks in Asia,
clearly there is a bigger worry about
the cost of oil, the cost of jet fuel
that is feeding into a lot of these
losses. you know, as you said, the
losses are h havinging um in some cases
now. So, there is some pressure being
eased on on airline stocks, but clearly
this is a very fluid situation and the
fact that the the Middle East uh is not
seeing any flights go to or from some of
the world's busiest international
airport hubs. There is a lot of
displacement and a lot of disruption
overall.
>> Yeah. I mean, you just put Abu Dhabi,
Dubai, and Doha. That's that's pretty
much a hefty part of passenger volume.
What have we heard so far from is it a
total closure of airspace there? What
are we hearing from those airlines?
>> So for the the Persian Gulf, the
airspace is still closed around the UAE,
Doha, etc. And for the airlines as a
result, you know, the main carriers
being Emirates, Qatar, and they're going
to see rolling cancellations uh until
they have clarity on when airspace will
open. But also to the fact that as we
saw over the weekend, um there were
attacks that targeted uh Dubai airport.
Yeah, Dubai and Abu Dhabi including that
there was a fatality as well. So there
is clearly a risk and I don't think
airlines will want to put no clearly not
going to put passengers in harmways but
also these aircraft as well. So it's
clearly not safe to operate. So I think
for the meantime we are seeing that that
there is just going to be this roll in
cancellations and also for airlines
operating into from this part of
especially into the Middle East they're
cancelelling flights all the way at
least up till March 7th some
indefinitely. So there is some airlines
taking a longer view in the short term
that uh there will be uh very few
flights operating.
>> Yeah, I got a message from Qatar. I'm
not sure if that was because I had a
flight coming up which I've now
cancelled but was it to all passengers
that they are telling if you have a
flight from I think yesterday all
through March 6. You're free free to
cancel of course given everything that's
taking place. Danny, thank you so much
for getting us up to speed on this very
complicated and very fluid situation
there. Danny Lee there uh on the latest
there. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
uh defense related names are seeing
substantial upside. The opposite is
happening with chips and semis mirror
image really what's taking place across
the region. And if you look at what
happened with US check of course on
Friday simply an extension of that brand
prices in case you're curious how we're
doing over a 3-day period and how the
stories really unfolded. So Thursday
Friday the gap higher early Monday and
we're splitting the difference from the
highs to where we are right now. So it's
called 8% over 3 days. We're up about 6
7% from the open uh this morning. US and
European futures going into that session
there. Yeah, certainly could be a rough
one, but again, as what we've seen in
Asia, things are starting to look, you
know, have eased a little bit in terms
of the initial sell-offs that we've
seen. So, we'll leave it there. We have
insight with Hassel on Amen coming up
next. Stay with us.